Albany, Georgia is in the United States, home to a number of ethnic groups including, African Americans.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States of America where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans.
Albany, Georgia, is in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon which also includes Albany.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon, the state which is home to Albany.
Albany is a city in Oregon along with Portland which is the largest.
Alexandria, Indiana (total area 6.81 sq km), has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alexandria, Indiana, covers an area of 6.81 sq kilometres and has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
The population density of Alexandria, Indiana, is 755.3 (inhabitants per square kilometer) and it occupies 6.81 square kilometers.
Amarillo can be located in Potter County, Texas which is in the United States of America.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, U.S.
Amarillo is located in Potter County, Texas in the United States of America.
Anaheim, California is situated at 48.0 above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Anaheim, California is situated at 48.0 above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 sq km.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States.
Anderson is part of the Anderson Township, Madison County in Indiana United States.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County Indiana, United States.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S.
Anderson, is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the U.S.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population of 1580.7 per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
The United States is the location of Atlanta and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups.
The United States has the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Atlanta.
Atlanta is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, United States.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, US.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia U.S.
Attica is located in the state of Indiana in the U.S.
Attica is part of Indiana in the US.
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Auburn, Alabama is located.
Auburn Alabama is in the United States with Washington, D.C. as the capital of the U.S.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, a country where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Auburn Alabama is in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
The area of Austin, Texas is 703.95km2 and the land area is 686km2.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 sq km including a land area of 686 sq km.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas, is United States.
Austin is part of Travis County, which is in Texas, United States.
Austin is part of Travis County, in Texas, located within the country of the United States.
Austin, Texas is located within the country of the United States and is led by the City Manager.
The leader of Austin, Texas, United States is the City Manager.
Austin, Texas is in the United States and is led by the City manager.
Austin is located in Texas, in the country of the United States.
Austin is part of the state of Texas in the United States.
Austin is part of the state of Texas, in the United States.
Attica is part of Indiana, where Indianapolis is the capital.
Attica is part of the state of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States.
Arlington is part of Texas when English is spoken.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas, where English is used.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas where the English language is spoken.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, in the United States, of which the occupants are Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where the Americans are living.
The United States is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico and the inhabitants of the country are known as Americans.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Akron Ohio is part of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
The United States include the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Akron, Ohio.
